*applause*
Welcome Kim Carey to give us a speech
Kim Carey is the most interesting person on earth
He is a legendary comedian genius
Kim Carey is also the author of a profound children's book
A man full of strong sympathy
Kim Carey has made great contributions to a better world.
Let us welcome the great Jim Carrey
*applause*
Thank you.
What are you waiting for here?
I was planning to brew for a while
Can you extend that in the post-production period? Make it appear longer.
Thanks Bevin.
thank you all.
thank you very much
*applause*
I brought a painting of mine to you today.
I hope you can still see it.
*laughter*
This is not one of my big guys, so you might want to move down
It looks great.
College,
Parents, friends, dignified guests,
Graduated in 2014 class,
*applause*
And all the dead baseball players appeared in corn with us today.
*Laughter and applause*
After the harvest, there is no place too hidden for them.
The field is empty.
Is there a cover there.
*laughter*
The seeds I planted here today,
This will inspire your seed to advance in life
With a passionate heart and a sense of overall clarity
The problem is to have that seed have a chance to take root
Or I will be sued by Monsanto
*laughter*
And forced to use their descendants?
*applause*
This may not be
Ayurveda completely.
*laughter*
Forgive me if I seem a little low energy tonight,
Today, whatever it is.
*laughter*
I slept my head north last night.
, Hehehehe man
Oh my
How do you know this is the right child?
*laughter*
Yes
Woke up in the middle of PITA.
Can't go back to sleep until Titan Force is launched everywhere
Crazy
*applause*
Wooo!
*Jin Carrey Noise*
But I am not crazy, you know.
I use this time
Eat a big meal,
*laughter*
Special connection with others' Tinder.
Because life does not happen to you,
It happened to you.
How do I know?
I don’t know, but the sound I do, this is the most important thing.
This is what I do here.
Sometimes I think this is very important, really the only thing.
You know, it just lets the other party know that when we are here,
Remind each other that we are part of a larger self.
I used to think that Kim Carey was all me.
Just flashing lights. Dancing shadow.
You can name great things without camouflage.
*laughter*
Looking for the residence of the cave and fox fairy cave.
The bomb shelter was in a hurry.
The shooter looks for him to target the mirror.
Only my own arrow was injured.
Begging to be enslaved.
Implore my chain
Deceived desire
And trip
in heaven.
*applause*
Can I get a god?
*Amen*
*applause*
Didn't you think I might be serious like that?
I don't think you understand who you are dealing with.
*laughter*
I have no restrictions.
*applause*
I can't be controlled because of my container.
You can't contain a container man!
You cannot include containers.
Who i thought i was
My skin ends at the edge.
I have given this so-called body a little vehicle
Experience creation from it.
Although I cannot ask for a more sporty model.
*laughter*
After all this is a loan
And will have to return
*laughter*
Later I learned that everything outside the car is part of me.
Now I drive a convertible.
*laughter*
*applause*
It’s a man!
Up and down, the wind is in my hair.
*applause*
Alas!
I’m so ecstatic that I’m really, really, really excited, and fully connected
You at this important moment of your journey
I hope you are ready to open the roof
And take the whole body.
*be quiet*
Okay, those four years.
*laughter*
They are obviously not ready.
sneezesumorecutting
Luo,
I want to thank the trustee,
Administrator, MUM Faculty
It is used to create an ideal institution where education deserves mahsi.
Where to teach knowledge and experience.
The necessary knowledge and experience to produce in life
And to enable students to go beyond meditation,
And ancient Vedic knowledge,
Slack, twice a day for an hour and a half.
*applause*
Don't think you are lying to me.
But I think it has some benefits.
It allows you to distinguish who you are and what is real
From the story running through your head.
You give them
Ability to walk behind the carefully set decoration
And see that there is such a huge difference between the dogs that are going to eat you in your heart
And the actual dog will eat you.
*laughter*
This sounds like no big deal, but many have not learned to distinguish.
And they lived all their lives in battle or escape and responded very much.
I also want to thank your wonderful parents.
The way to go!
*applause*
What a wonderful job
You did
*applause*
For your tireless dedication, your love, your support.
The most important concern is that you pay your children.
I have one saying: "Beware, because nobody loves them and will hurt themselves eventually
Or me".
*laughter*
But when I saw this group here,
You know, I think it's safe.
*laughter*
I do.
*applause*
I just say:
My room is not locked.
There is no doubt that some people will become liars.
*laughter*
But you know the white-collar stuff,
Something like Wall Street,
You know.
Criminals are committed to self-esteem.
*laughter*
Dongdong's parents can still be proud
In a strange way.
And in the graduation class
In 2017,
Minus three.
*laughter*
Ya didn't let me finish.
Congratulations!
Yes!
Give yourself an applause, thank you.
*applause*
You are a pioneer of knowledge and consciousness,
A new wave in a vast ocean full of possibilities.
There is a world on the other side of this gate
Starving new ideas, new leadership. I have been there for 30 years.
She is a wild cat!
*laughter*
Oh, she will rub up against her legs and grunts until you pick her up and start touching her.
Then, where does it come from, she will slap your face!
*laughter*
It can be rough there.
But it doesn’t matter, because they are soft ice cream,
*laughter*
With sprinkles.
I think this is what I really want to say here today.
Sometimes, it can eat your feelings.
*laughter*
Worry now
Will be the player in your life
It depends on how much you get.
You can spend your whole life imagining ghosts,
Worry about the future of the pathway, but all there will always be
Is what is happening here is deciding us at this moment
Its headquarters is in love or fear.
So many of us choose our path out of fear disguised as practicality.
What we really want cannot seem out of reach
And ridiculous expectations, so we never dare to ask the universe.
I said, I said you can ask the universe for its proof.
please!
*applause*
If it does not happen, you immediately
This is just because the universe is so busy to fill my order.
*laughter*
Party size!
My father was originally a great comedian, but he didn't think it was possible for him.
So he made a conservative choice instead.
He got a safety job as an accountant when I was 12 years old
Also let him go from safe work. And our family does whatever we can to survive.
I learned a lot of lessons from my father
Not the most important of which is that you can fail when you don’t want
So you may wish to take the opportunity to do what you like.
*applause*
This is not the only thing he taught me, though. You know.
I watched the impact of my father's love and humor
And how it changed the world around me, I want this thing to do.
This thing is worth my time. Not long ago, I started acting
You know, people will come to the house
They will be greeted by a 70-year-old who fell down a large stretch of stairs.
They will say: What is it? I will say, I don’t know let us check the replay.
I will go back to the stairs and come back in slow motion.
*Jin Carrey Noise*
This is a very strange family.
My father used to brag, am I a ham? I am a whole pig.
*laughter*
He treats my talent
As if this was his second chance.
When I was about 28, ten years as a professional cross talk actor, I realized one night in Los Angeles
The purpose of my life has always been the attention of free people,
Just like my dad.
When I realized this, I jokingly called my new dedication:
"Liberty churches pay attention to" FFC churches.
*applause*
I devoted myself wholeheartedly to the department. What is yours?
How will you serve the world?
What do they need, and your talent can provide it?
This is what you have to figure out.
Just like someone who is doing what you are going to do,
I can tell you from experience that your influence on others
It is the most valuable currency.
*applause*
Because everything you get in your life is rotten and scattered
And all you who are leaving are in your heart.
The reason why I choose free people,
I chose the attention of people to get me to the top of the mountain.
Look where I am. See what I can do.
No matter where I go, I am because I get exercise when I enter this
It is truly extraordinary me. I did something to make
The people present gave me their best no matter where I went.
*applause*
I am at the top of the mountain, the only one I and I have not been released
It’s me, and that’s when my search for identity deepens.
I don’t know who I am without my fame,
Who would i be, if i said something, people didn't want to hear
Or, if I ignore their expectations of me.
If I show up in the party without my carnival mask
Refuse to flash my breast beads?
I give you a moment to eliminate this image in your mind.
However, you are such a leading game.
You already know who you are.
And this piece, this piece is after
Beyond the personality, beyond the feeling of others, beyond invention and disguise,
Even beyond their own efforts.
You can join the game, fight the war, use the form all you want to play
But to find true peace, you must let the armor go.
Your acceptance needs can make you invisible in this world.
Don't let anything block the way of lighting through this form.
Risk is seen as glory at all.
*applause*
It is not big enough.
This painting is a big reason.
This is called high visibility.
This is about picking up the light, so I dare not wait.
Here is the tricky part, the light that everyone is attracted to.
The party is blessed in who believes that the top accommodates up to the unconscious
And always offer to drink from emptying your bottle.
Pain, under her,
The light of contempt, when you do well, you can't stand it,
I wish you only the worst.
Diamond in his queen
A king is needed to build her paper house.
And the hollow bottom will hold your legs at the bottom, saying please don’t leave my back
Because I have given up on myself.
Even the ones who are closest to you like the most, who are you
Your favorite person in the world,
The clarity that will be found is sometimes faced.
It took me thousands of hours to complete this painting.
When i'm over.
*applause*
Thank you.
Thousands of hours. Yes.
I will never let them back.
I have been engaged for so long.
I was alone like a lunatic in the scaffolding week
When I ended up one of my friends said:
This will be a cool black light painting.
*laughter*
So, I started.
*applause*
WOOO!
Welcome to Fireman.
Some very crazy characters until there is
But it is better there than here. You know.
Painting is one of the ways. Thank you.
Painting is one of the ways I broke free from the constraints,
Stop the world through comprehensive psychological, spiritual and physical participation.
But even if there is a sense of divine dissatisfaction, because in the end
We are not the incarnation of our creation. We are not pictures on film.
We shined light.
Everything is just looking at flowers in the fog, distracting and not really attractive.
I often say that I hope people can realize their dreams of wealth and fame
So that they can see, this is not the feeling of where you are going to find you to complete.
Like many of you
I am very worried about going out into the world and doing something bigger than me.
Until someone smarter than me makes me realize
There is nothing bigger than myself.
*applause*
My soul is not contained within the limits of my body.
My body is contained within the infinite nature of my soul.
A unified field!
*applause*
There is no unified field,
There is no special reason for dancing,
Maybe apart from comfort and entertainment itself.
*applause*
With this transformation happening, you, will you feel the world, will you feel it, will you be embraced by it.
Now I am always at the beginning.
I have a reset button.
I ride the button constantly.
Once the button has no story in your life function, the mind can be created
It will be just as compelling. Imagine always making scenes
The good and the bad and the self try to trap you in your mind.
*applause*
Our eyes are not viewers, they are also projectors
The second story running in the picture
We see all the time before us. Worrying about writing scripts
And the title of the job is "I will never be enough."
*applause*
You have to look at someone like me and say:
How can we hope to achieve these with a little height Jim?
How can we make a painting too big for our home?
Why are you flying so high without special breathing devices?
This is my voice
If you listen
There will always be others who do better than you.
No matter what you get, ego will not let you rest.
It will tell you that you cannot stop until you have left an indelible mark on the earth
Until you have achieved immortality.
How tricky is this self, it will seduce us
With the promise of things, we already have.
*applause*
and so,
I just want you to relax.
You know.
This is my job.
Relax and dream a beautiful life.
I have a substitute teacher from Ireland in the second grade
This tells my class morning prayer, when she wants something,
In all things, she prays
And promised to return something, she can always get what she wants.
I sit at the back of the classroom, you know, think, okay,
My family cannot afford bicycles, you know.
So, I went home, I prayed for it, I promised, and every night I would recite the roses in exchange.
Break it. Broke the promise.
But two weeks later, I returned home from school and found a brand new Mustang bike with a banana seat
And the rider handlebars. Yes.
*applause*
From fool to cool!
My family told me that I have won a bicycle draw by one of my friends
I have entered my name without any knowledge.
So this type of thing has happened to me so far.
As far as I can tell it, just let the universe know what you want
And work towards it while letting it pass on and off.
*Yay*
*applause*
Is it your job to figure out how it is going to happen to you
But open the door in your head
When the door is opened in real life, only walk through.
*applause*
If you miss the clue, because there is always a door to open.
They gave way, when I said that life does not happen to you
It happened to you, I really don't know if this is true.
I just consciously choose to perceive challenges, something beneficial
So that I can deal with them in the most effective way.
You will come up with your own style.
This is part of the fun.
Oh, why not take the opportunity of faith?
*applause*
Confidence to seize the opportunity, not religion,
But faith, not hope, is faith.
I don't believe in hope. Hope is a beggar.
Hope crossed fire and confidence crossed it.
*applause*
You are willing and able
Make beautiful things in this world, you walk from behind the door today
You will always have only two options:
Love or fear.
Choose love and never let fear put you to your playful heart.
thank you very much.
Master development
I am very honored.
Thank you.
*applause*
I love you.